hello everybody and as you might be able
to tell by my voice I am sick I have the
flu and I'm doing my best
well I'm gonna do my best to the skies
the fact that i'm sick and my voice cuz
i know it probably sounds really
annoying but there's not much that I
could do yesterday I couldn't even talk
and today it's it's still pretty bad
it's it's still pretty bad I'm at the
point right now where I can't be awake
for longer than like a few hours because
I have to lay down and rest and sleep
and if I sit up for longer than an hour
I start to feel nauseous and dizzy so
I'm recording this video in like
increments I record a bit then I lay
down recording lay down edit and lay
down rendering lay down so yeah I go to
sleep I wake up I eat and I go back to
sleep that's pretty much what I'm doing
yay New Year's Eve being sick is the
best thing ever so as you guys know I
was gonna be streaming tonight but I
really don't think I'm gonna be able to
and it makes me really really sad cuz
I've been looking forward to streaming
for so long and I'm still even feeling
like this I'm in the mood to stream but
I just know for a fact that I'm not
gonna be able to stay awake to midnight
my time let alone till midnight in the
u.s. so I would much prefer to just get
better and recover and then stream like
a few days from now I don't think it's
gonna be long till I actually feel
better I think it's only gonna be a few
days so in two days out in two three
days I will prefer to stream then to
stream right now I feel like crap and
sit there and be like guys I gotta go to
bad
so yeah I'm just gonna spend my New
Year's Eve sleeping and crying that
sounds like a good idea but besides
explaining what the hell's going on with
me I wanted to share a class with you
guys that I like to call the anti
frustration class and the reason that I
call it the anti frustration class is
because I was super frustrated playing
ghosts so I decided to just sit down and
come up with a class that for me dealt
with the frustrating things in the game
so I'm gonna explain what it is and my
logic my reasoning behind it and then I
will go into class setup and show you
guys exactly what the class
so the things that frustrate me the most
in Call of Duty ghosts are IEDs campers
and snipers and I'm sure we all get into
those lobbies where we're getting blown
up by IEDs every two seconds we can't
find anyone on the map because
everyone's camping and we're getting
sniped out of nowhere so what I did to
combat this is the first thing I did is
I equipped sitrep because not only does
that deal with the IEDs but most campers
will usually have equipment with them
when they're camping so sitrep allows
you to see where they are you can be
like oh there's like 52 million ideas up
there with a SATCOM and a fucking sentry
gun I'm pretty sure it as a camper up
there so it allows you to be able to
find the campers much easier now to deal
with snipers that is why I equip stalker
I find that it's just a lot easier to
kill them because obviously they have to
stand still and shoot you where you can
strafe back and forth and keep hitting
them and it's a lot harder for them to
hit you if you have stalker than if you
don't have stalker so don't that's the
main ingredients of the class and the
main theory behind the class to stop the
campers stop the IEDs and to stop this
night so now that I have explained what
the class is supposed to do and what
it's supposed to combat let's go ahead
and jump into an example of the class so
let's first take a look at an assault
rifle class I'm using the honey badger
obviously it has a built-in silencer I
would recommend that you use a silencer
on this class just because this is the
class that I bring out when I'm
frustrated and usually I get frustrated
when a game is really really really slow
now if you do not have a silencer in a
slow game as soon as you shoot you're
gonna bring a lot of attention to
yourself so I'd recommend that you use
the honey badger or you just slap on a
silencer on your favorite assault rifle
now for the perks I'm using stalker
death silence sitrep amplify and focus
obviously I explained the usage of
stalker and sitrep but the reason why I
use dead silence and amplifiers just
because I personally am a sound whore if
you're not it's not more than you don't
need to use those two perks I would
recommend using ICU or hardline I see it
was definitely an amazing amazing perk
it's really really really good if you
can ever fit that into
your classes I recommend that you do so
if you're not a sound whore slap on ICU
or hardline or something like that and
then I do have focus just because I
don't know I feel like it's kind of
important in this game especially for
assault rifles when you're doing long
range engagements now in terms of the
strike package it really doesn't matter
whatever you're comfortable with is what
is important the main thing is that
you're dealing with the perks to deal
with the things that frustrate you now
moving on to a class setup for an SMG I
personally do not take stalker on an SMG
class because I feel like it's a waste I
feel like it's a big waste
the main perk of using an SMG over an
assault rifle is the fact that you are
speedy you can move faster you can
strafe faster when you're 80s so I don't
take soccer on an SMG instead what I do
take I take ready up dead silent sit Rep
amplify ICU and focus I just explain the
reason for ICU just because it's an
amazing perk focus an amazing perk
writing up is kind of just the thing
that you slap on that I don't really
feel as necessary a hundred percent
because you already know when people are
coming because you can't hear them but I
think it was the best one for me to take
in this situation of course amplify and
that silence is just a personal
preference if you are sound worn I
recommend that you take amplify you
don't necessarily need dead silence I
just personally like using dead silence
so that is pretty much it for the class
guys this is what I go to when I'm
frustrated it helps you deal with
campers equipment users and snipers
really really really well when I'm
frustrated I slap this on and I can end
up doing a lot better so I hope you
enjoyed this video I'm sorry for
sounding sick I tried to disguise it in
my voice as much as I can and hopefully
I'll be better and back to normal soon
thank you for all of the get well wishes
and I'll speak to you guys later bye
you